index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Hi there!
comments: false
permalink: /
---

I'm Robert Marzec, and this is my website. For now, here you can find a bit
about me, some write-ups on projects I've done, and some of my thoughts on
game design decisions I find interesting.

### About Me

I'm a sophomore studying Computer Science at the University of Michigan. I love
making stuff, and if there is something to make with computers, I've probably
done it: mobile development, game development, hardware with Arduino, and even
web development with this website. If you're looking for a fun software
developer who likes to share their mind from time to time, you've come to the
right person's website.  

And now, a fun picture of me with some wings and a smoothie:

![Me!](assets/images/misc/about_picture.jpg)

### Credits

While this is my website, I'm not the one to thank for it all since I didn't
build it all from the ground up. So, I would like to say thanks to:
- [GitHubs Pages](https://pages.github.com/), the website's host
- [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/), the language used to build the
website
- [Jekyll Now](https://github.com/barryclark/jekyll-now), which was the starting
point for my work on this website

### Contact Me

If anything looks interesting, let me know! You can reach me [robertmarzecj@gmail.com](mailto:robertmarzecj@gmail.com), the comment sections of most posts, or at the pages in the icons below. I would love to talk about anything. (:

Commit message:

added a link to my resume in the about page

index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Hi there!
comments: false
permalink: /
---

I'm Robert Marzec, and this is my website. For now, here you can find a bit about me, some write-ups on projects I've done, and some of my thoughts on game design decisions I find interesting.

### Resume

If you're looking for my resume, look no further! You can find a regularly updated version [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1alBYkiOx_q2xEDRd-SzM7SUz-DnXOPBiaxRiLyrp83o/edit?usp=sharing). There's a lot more to me than just my resume, so I suggest reading further and poking around the site some more.

### About Me

![Me!](assets/images/misc/about_picture.jpg)

I'm a sophomore studying Computer Science at the University of Michigan. I love making stuff, and if there is something to make with computers, I've probably done it: mobile development, game development, hardware with Arduino, and even web development with this website. If you're looking for a fun software developer who likes to share their mind from time to time, you've come to the right person's website.  

The above is one of my favorite photos, taken during my Freshman orientation. I've got a shorts, a smoothie, some wings, and life is good.

### Credits

While this is my website, I'm not the one to thank for it all since I didn't build it all from the ground up. So, I would like to say thanks to:
- [GitHubs Pages](https://pages.github.com/), the website's host
- [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/), the language used to build the website
- [Jekyll Now](https://github.com/barryclark/jekyll-now), the template that got this website started

### Contact Me

If anything looks interesting, let me know! You can reach me [robertmarzecj@gmail.com](mailto:robertmarzecj@gmail.com), the comment section at the bottom of most posts, or at the pages in the icons below. I would love to talk about anything! :)
